docs/source/community/overview.md, before:

# Join the Community

## Development Guide

You can participate in the open-source development of CubeFS in various ways, such as:

- **Report issues**: Please use keywords to search for [existing issues](https://github.com/cubeFS/cubefs/search?q=&type=Issues&utf8=%E2%9C%93) to ensure that the issue has not been submitted. Then submit the issue description and reproduction method by [opening an issue](https://github.com/cubeFS/cubefs/issues).
- **Add patches**: [Specification instructions](https://github.com/cubefs/cubefs/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Developers

[Main maintainers and their responsibilities list](https://github.com/cubefs/cubefs/blob/master/MAINTAINERS.md)

## Users

[User list](https://github.com/cubefs/cubefs/blob/master/ADOPTERS.md)

## Community

- [users@cubefs.groups.io](https://cubefs.groups.io/g/users): Subscribe to the mailing list to stay informed about version releases, community events, and engage in discussions about anything related to CubeFS.
- [Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/cubefs/shared_invite/zt-1ra17fe0i-hMqdQsm5o661aPR29LsNCg): Join the CubeFS Slack group to discuss anything related to CubeFS in real-time.
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/cubefs): Follow `@CubeFS` on Twitter to get the latest updates.
- WeChat official account: Follow CubeFS Official Account on WeChat to get product updates, technical insights, community events, and more.

  ![qrcode](./pic/qrcode.png)
- WeChat CubeFS Community group: Scan the QR code or search for WeChat ID `cubefs` to join the CubeFS community, where you can share your experiences, learn about version updates, community events, and other related information.

  ![qrcode](./pic/20230324085341754.png)

Commit message:

docs: update the development guide
Signed-off-by: pengtianyue <pengtianyue@oppo.com>

docs/source/community/overview.md, after:

# Join the Community

## Development Guide

### Guidelines
You can participate in the open-source development of CubeFS in various ways, such as:

- **Report issues**: Please use keywords to search for [existing issues](https://github.com/cubeFS/cubefs/search?q=&type=Issues&utf8=%E2%9C%93) to ensure that the issue has not been submitted. Then submit the issue description and reproduction method by [opening an issue](https://github.com/cubeFS/cubefs/issues).
- **Add patches**: [Specification instructions](https://github.com/cubefs/cubefs/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

### Coding style

- Follow the [coding standards](https://go.dev/doc/effective_go) of Go.
- Ensure that your code is formatted using `go fmt` or `gofumpt` before submitting it.
- Ensure that each new source file starts with a license header.
- Ensure that there are enough unit tests.
- Ensure that there are enough comments.

### Commit message guidelines

- Follow the [angular commit guidelines](https://github.com/angular/angular/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#commit).
- Commits must be signed and the signature must match the author.

Example:

> For example, the author information must match the Signed-off-by information.

```shell
Author: users <users@cubefs.groups.io>
Date:   Thu Apr 27 09:40:02 2023 +0800

    feat(cubefs): this is an example
    
    Signed-off-by: users <users@cubefs.groups.io>
```

## Developers

[Main maintainers and their responsibilities list](https://github.com/cubefs/cubefs/blob/master/MAINTAINERS.md)

## Users

[User list](https://github.com/cubefs/cubefs/blob/master/ADOPTERS.md)

## Community

- [users@cubefs.groups.io](https://cubefs.groups.io/g/users): Subscribe to the mailing list to stay informed about version releases, community events, and engage in discussions about anything related to CubeFS.
- [Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/cubefs/shared_invite/zt-1ra17fe0i-hMqdQsm5o661aPR29LsNCg): Join the CubeFS Slack group to discuss anything related to CubeFS in real-time.
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/cubefs): Follow `@CubeFS` on Twitter to get the latest updates.
- WeChat official account: Follow CubeFS Official Account on WeChat to get product updates, technical insights, community events, and more.

  ![qrcode](./pic/qrcode.png)
- WeChat CubeFS Community group: Scan the QR code or search for WeChat ID `cubefs` to join the CubeFS community, where you can share your experiences, learn about version updates, community events, and other related information.

  ![qrcode](./pic/20230324085341754.png)
