docs/source/faq/build.md, before:

# Compilation Issues

## Local compilation, unable to start on other machines

- First, please confirm that you use the command `PORTABLE=1 make static_lib` to compile rocksdb.
- Then use the `ldd` command to check if the dependent libraries are installed on the machine. After installing the missing libraries, execute the `ldconfig` command.

## ZSTD_versionNumber undefined

There are two ways to solve this problem:
- Add the specified library to `CGO_LDFLAGS` to compile, for example: `CGO_LDFLAGS="-L/usr/local/lib -lrocksdb -lzstd"`. This method requires that the zstd library is also installed on other deployment machines.
- Delete the script that automatically detects whether the zstd library is installed. The file location is an example: `rockdb-5.9.2/build_tools/build_detect_platform`. Delete the following content:
  ```bash
  # Test whether zstd library is installed
      $CXX $CFLAGS $COMMON_FLAGS -x c++ - -o /dev/null 2>/dev/null  <<EOF
        #include <zstd.h>
        int main() {}
  EOF
      if [ "$?" = 0 ]; then
          COMMON_FLAGS="$COMMON_FLAGS -DZSTD"
          PLATFORM_LDFLAGS="$PLATFORM_LDFLAGS -lzstd"
          JAVA_LDFLAGS="$JAVA_LDFLAGS -lzstd"
      fi
  ```


## Rocksdb compilation issue

When compiling the erasure coding subsystem, an error message is displayed: `fatal error: rocksdb/c.h: no such file or directory...`
- First, confirm whether the file pointed to by the error message exists in the `.deps/include/rocksdb` directory.
- If it exists, try `source env.sh` and try again. If the file does not exist or the error still occurs, you can delete all the rocksdb-related files in the `.deps` directory and then recompile.

## cannot find -lbz2

To resolve the error message "/usr/bin/ld: cannot find -lbz2" during compilation, you should check if the "bzip2-devel" package is installed with a version of 1.0.6 or higher.

## cannot find -lz

To resolve the error message "/usr/bin/ld: cannot find -lz" during compilation, you should check if the "zlib-devel" package is installed with a version of 1.2.7 or higher.

## `cc1plus: all warnings being treated as errors` on building `rocksdb`

- when building `blobstore`, just enter sub-folder `blobstore` and add following content to the end of `blobstore/env.sh` before executing `source env.sh`:

```bash
export DISABLE_WARNING_AS_ERROR=true
```

- when building `cubefs` itself, just add following content at the end of `env.sh` before executing `source env.sh`:

> **NOTE**: Options might be different according to different gcc versions. Following option has been tested on `gcc (Ubuntu 11.3.0-1ubuntu1~22.04) 11.3.0`

```bash
export CXXFLAGS=-Wno-error
```

Commit message:

docs(faq): add explict introduction to optional CXXFLAGS environment
Signed-off-by: Horsing <wittcnezh@foxmail.com>

docs/source/faq/build.md, after:

# Compilation Issues

## Local compilation, unable to start on other machines

- First, please confirm that you use the command `PORTABLE=1 make static_lib` to compile rocksdb.
- Then use the `ldd` command to check if the dependent libraries are installed on the machine. After installing the missing libraries, execute the `ldconfig` command.

## ZSTD_versionNumber undefined

There are two ways to solve this problem:
- Add the specified library to `CGO_LDFLAGS` to compile, for example: `CGO_LDFLAGS="-L/usr/local/lib -lrocksdb -lzstd"`. This method requires that the zstd library is also installed on other deployment machines.
- Delete the script that automatically detects whether the zstd library is installed. The file location is an example: `rockdb-5.9.2/build_tools/build_detect_platform`. Delete the following content:
  ```bash
  # Test whether zstd library is installed
      $CXX $CFLAGS $COMMON_FLAGS -x c++ - -o /dev/null 2>/dev/null  <<EOF
        #include <zstd.h>
        int main() {}
  EOF
      if [ "$?" = 0 ]; then
          COMMON_FLAGS="$COMMON_FLAGS -DZSTD"
          PLATFORM_LDFLAGS="$PLATFORM_LDFLAGS -lzstd"
          JAVA_LDFLAGS="$JAVA_LDFLAGS -lzstd"
      fi
  ```


## Rocksdb compilation issue

When compiling the erasure coding subsystem, an error message is displayed: `fatal error: rocksdb/c.h: no such file or directory...`
- First, confirm whether the file pointed to by the error message exists in the `.deps/include/rocksdb` directory.
- If it exists, try `source env.sh` and try again. If the file does not exist or the error still occurs, you can delete all the rocksdb-related files in the `.deps` directory and then recompile.

## cannot find -lbz2

To resolve the error message "/usr/bin/ld: cannot find -lbz2" during compilation, you should check if the "bzip2-devel" package is installed with a version of 1.0.6 or higher.

## cannot find -lz

To resolve the error message "/usr/bin/ld: cannot find -lz" during compilation, you should check if the "zlib-devel" package is installed with a version of 1.2.7 or higher.

## `cc1plus: all warnings being treated as errors` on building `rocksdb`

- when building `blobstore`, just enter sub-folder `blobstore` and add following content to the end of `blobstore/env.sh` before executing `source env.sh`:

```bash
export DISABLE_WARNING_AS_ERROR=true
```

- when building `cubefs` itself, just add following content at the end of `env.sh` before executing `source env.sh`:

> **NOTE**: Options might be different according to different gcc versions. Following option has been tested on `gcc (Ubuntu 11.3.0-1ubuntu1~22.04) 11.3.0`

```bash
export CXXFLAGS=-Wno-error=xxx # optional, developers can change accordingly or comment out or delete it safely
```
